This game was really fun to make! I feel like I learned a lot, like thinking
through the logic of coding plus game really helped me. I had trouble 
with understanding the logic of doing two switches at first like how
would I know which case from which switch I was calling but as they are
part of a function in a class that doesn't really apply actually. I got
the basic scene switching working pretty fast but had a hard time getting
the leaves to move, needed to switch the location of my leaves.move_fish.
The where certain functions should go sometimes messes me up. Overall I
am really happy with how the game turned out. I used chatgpt to help
change the slider color. For the asthetics, I wanted it to feel peaceful
and gentle. All of the images are taken of McGorlick Park! Even the final
prize,the photo of my cat, outside the window is McGorlick Park. I would
want to add prizes for all the levels not just the last one if I got to
do a round two. Another problem that I would like to fix is rarely there
is not enough of a certain leaf created to win. I think I would have to
do the leaves array as three seperate ones in order to make sure each
had a certain quanity? Or like I would check the leavesarray against
the goal values and keep making more leaves until the leavesarray had
more items than all three goal numbers combined. The feedback I got was
very sweet! People liked how it was relaxing, the asethtics, and how
there is no way to loose. 